Which .NET data types are value types? Which types are reference types?

value types - primitive data types, structures, enumerations;
reference types - objects,string,char,arrays,pointers,dynamic types, classes, interfaces

How do value and reference types differ when assigned to a variable?

The values are stored in the stack memory, the reference types are stored in the heap memory, 
and the variable contains only the adress of the heap memory block.

How do value and reference types behave when passed as argument to a method?

the value types pass the real value, the reference types pass the adress.
this ca cause problems, when u try to change the value of the reference type.

Where in memory are value types allocated? Where are reference types allocated?
stack memory, heap pemory.

What is the difference between mutating and setting (assigning) a variable? Give examples.

when mutating, it changes the content in the heap memory block and when setting a variable,
recieves new adress wich contains the new value.
If you have 2 reference type variables, containig the same adress, any mutation will change the
values of the both variables.The assigning will change only the variable you want.
Ex:
		Student pesho = new Student();
        pesho.age = 100;
        Student gosho = pesho;
        gosho.age = 200;
        Console.WriteLine(pesho.age); // Prints 200
       
        Number num1 = new Number();
        num1.value = 100;
        Number num2 = num1;
        num2.value = 200;
        Console.WriteLine(num1.value); // Prints 100

What are the out and ref keywords used for? In what do they differ?

passing a reference type to a method will change it only infide the method.
if using the keyword REF will apply changes outside of the method.

The ref modifier means that:

The value is already set and
The method can read and modify it.

The out modifier means that:

The Value isn't set and can't be read by the method until it is set.
The method must set it before returning.